Cut!: Remove unused python requirements following ansible-cvp removal (#5945)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: docs/release-notes/6.x.x.md

### Changes to requirements

- Python requirements:

>   - PyAVD now does **not** require the `cvprac`, the `treelib` not the `jsonschema` requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - PyAVD no longer requires the `cvprac`,  treelib` and `jsonschema` libraries.
```

  - PyAVD now requires the `cryptography` Python library to be version 43.0.0 or higher.<br>
    The latest version can be installed with `pip install "cryptography>=43.0.0" --upgrade`.
- Ansible collection requirements:

>   - `arista.avd` Ansible collection does **not** depend anymore on `arista.cvp` and `ansible.utils` collections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `arista.avd` Ansible collection no longer requires the `arista.cvp` collection.
```
